Amazon SQS 5.10 (#1287)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: amazon-sqs/5.10/modules/ROOT/pages/amazon-sqs-connector-upgrade-migrate.adoc

= Upgrade Amazon SQS Connector to 5.10 - Mule 4
:page-aliases: connectors::amazon/amazon-sqs-connector-upgrade-migrate.adoc

Upgrade Anypoint Connector for Amazon SQS to 5.10 to improve and optimize the performance of your projects using long polling, multithreading, and more control over the polling parameters.

== Supported Upgrade Paths

[%header,cols="50a,50a"]
|===
|From Version | To Version
|5.x |5.10
|===

== What's Changed
=== 5.10

> Amazon SQS Connector now supports the addition of SQS endpoint which can be used for utilizing Amazon VPC.

Author: ```suggestion
Amazon SQS Connector now supports the addition of an SQS endpoint that you can use with Amazon Virtual Public Cloud (VPC).
```
